Add note to Production runtime mode (#4269)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Fundamentals/Setup/Server-Setup/runtime-modes.md

- `Umbraco:CMS:RuntimeMinification:CacheBuster` is set to a fixed cache buster like `Version` or `AppDomain`;
- `Umbraco:CMS:ModelsBuilder:ModelsMode` is set to `Nothing`.

:::note

> To compile your views at build/publish time, remove the `RazorCompileOnBuild` and `RazorCompileOnPublish` properties from your project file (see Development mode). If you don't, Umbraco can't find the templates and will return 404 (Page Not Found) responses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To compile your views at build/publish time, remove the `<RazorCompileOnBuild>` and `<RazorCompileOnPublish>` properties from your project file (see the [Development mode](#development-mode) section). If you don't, Umbraco can't find the templates and will return 404 (Page Not Found) errors.
```

    public bool Validate(RuntimeMode runtimeMode, [NotNullWhen(false)] out string? validationErrorMessage)
    {

>         if (runtimeMode == RuntimeMode.Production && _globalSettings.CurrentValue.DisableElectionForSingleServer == false)

Author: I've also added this additional statement, so we actually use this parameter and because it also makes more sense to only check this when using production mode 👍🏻
